The Adventures of Captain Proton
ANNOUNCER:
"Bride of Chaotica."
Chapter 18:
kidnaps Constance Goodheart
The evil Dr. Chaotica
and plans to sacrifice her
Queen of the Spider People.
to Arachnia,
( screaming shrilly )
( laughing )
millions of miles to Planet X,
Captain Proton travels
the Fortress of Doom.
where he will invade
his fiendish death ray--
Chaotica fires
certain death for Proton,
bursts into flames.
as his rocket ship
We didn't burst into flames
in the last chapter.
always so inaccurate?
Why are these recaps
Well, they brought people
back to the theaters.
Cliffhangers.
The lost art
of hyperbole.
You ready?
Aye, Captain.
show on the road.
Let's get this
Computer...
begin Chapter 18.
( computer beeping )
We're receiving a transmission.
It's Chaotica.
Imagizing.
( screaming shrilly )
Captain Proton...
surrender!
Not a chance.
Miss Goodheart
Release
and we'll be
on our way.
I'm afraid your "secretary"
has already been promised
to Queen Arachnia
as a supreme sacrifice.
( screaming )
get away with this.
You'll never
Oh, ho-ho-ho!
But I shall!
from my death ray once,
You escaped
but you won't survive this!
He's charging the weapon.
Brace for impact.
( rumbling )
Direct hit!
both engines!
We lost
are on the fritz!
Steering jets
PARIS:
We're going down!
The landing gear
is jammed!
Hang on!
( crashing and thumping )
Opening hatch.
Welcome to Planet X.
What's the plan?
This is the part
Chaotica's soldiers,
where we defeat
steal their uniforms,
through the underground caverns.
and make our way
Hey, I thought you said
there were slave girls
in this chapter.
the Fortress of Doom,
After we infiltrate
Chaotica's harem.
we'll free
Let's go.
I'm right behind you.
kind of familiar.
Planet X looks
What was the last
place we went to?
The Mines of Mercury.
They're identical.
Sets were expensive.
erupting volcano this time.
At least there's no
Ah, behold the Fortress of Doom.
And how are we supposed
to get up there?
I told you-- the...
underground caverns.
Underground caverns.
Right.
there was no volcano.
I thought you said
I did.
Uh...
Tom.
not Chaotica.
Definitely
end program.
Computer,
Holodeck controls are off-line.
Unable to comply.
Paris to Bridge.
Bridge, respond.
the manual overrides.
We need to find
There's an access port
on the rocket ship.
Come on.
Report.
out of warp.
We dropped
a dead stop.
We're at
Cause?
Unknown.
Engines are operational.
( rumbling )
I'm reading
CHAKOTAY:
gravimetric forces
around the ship.
They're disrupting
our power flow.
are going off-line.
Control systems
I no longer
have access
deflector, weapons...
to communications,
Scan for vessels,
tractor beams...
anything that might explain
what's holding us here.
Halt in the name
of Chaotica!
Proton!
Buddy of yours?
Surprised?
in the Den of Crocodiles.
You thought I perished
We don't have time
for this.
I survived...
clinging to the thought
that I would
one day...
( melodramatic groaning )
Oh! Oh.
I believe I have an explanation.
entered a layer of subspace.
Sensors show that we've
It's disrupting our warp field.
Do we have impulse?
Yes.
Engage at full.
No change in our position.
Route all available power
to the engines.
We're not moving.
The impulse reactor
is running hot.
for an overload.
We're heading
Give it all she's got.
Full thrusters.
No effect.
at critical.
Reactor's
Abort.
the structural integrity field.
Increase power to
We may be here awhile.
It's no use.
I can't disengage
the program.
of something fast, Proton.
Well, you better think
A second distortion
just appeared.
they're getting bigger.
Whatever they are,
Hold on.
to the transporter.
I've got access
I'm going to try
a site-to-site.
There's a third one.
a transpectral analysis.
I've run
SEVEN:
The barrier between normal space
and subspace is unstable
this region.
throughout
Basically, we've run aground
on a subspace sandbar.
I've tried realigning
the warp field,
reversing hull
polarity...
Maybe we should just
get out and push.
The gravimetric forces
SEVEN:
our control systems.
are disrupting
we're trapped here,
As long as
we won't have access
to the computer core,
and all but six replicators.
tactical, holodecks,
What about those distortions
on the holodeck?
What's the connection?
energy fluctuations.
Random
they pose a threat.
I don't believe
Let's keep an eye
on them, anyway.
And evacuate that deck
just to be safe.
A few years back,
officer on the Al-Batani,
when I was a science
we tried to navigate
a dense protonebula.
dead in our tracks.
It stopped us
For three days, we attempted
to force our way out
we were trying too hard.
until we realized
Captain?
Every time we engaged
the engines,
we were increasing
the resistance
of the nebula's
particle field.
a similar situation.
We may be facing
Our own warp field
SEVEN:
the gravimetric forces.
may be increasing
down the core
If we power
and use minimal
thrusters,
we might be able
to break free.
right out of my mouth.
You took the words
could work.
Your plan
have your blessing...
Now that we
Let's give it a try.
( instruments beeping )
Halt, in the name
of Chaotica!
We intend no harm.
Seize them!
Lower the drawbridge.
We are bringing prisoners.
( door opens )
Yes, yes, yes, Lonzak.
CHAOTICA:
What do you want?
Your Majesty.
Where's Proton?
He, uh... escaped.
Fool!
for your incompetence!
You will pay
Seize him!
( mechanical voice):
Surrender.
But, Majesty...
I have brought prisoners.
More Earthlings?
No!
they're from another dimension.
They claim
The fifth dimension.
Bring them to me.
Identify yourself.
( laughing )
You insult me!
Ruler of the Cosmos!
I am Chaotica,
Kneel before
his Majesty!
I said kneel!
You...
have invaded my planet.
Why?
photonic life-forms...
To contact other
to learn from them.
Are you alone
the vanguard
or are you
of an invading army?
We are explorers.
I am growing weary
of this charade.
Your armies will be no match
for my space force.
We'll crush you like insects!
They are hostile.
This contact should
be terminated.
CHAOTICA:
Indeed.
Lonzak, execute them!
( shrill screaming )
Coward.
no escape from Chaotica.
He'll learn there's
Gather my space force.
Power the death ray!
At once, Majesty.
Take Miss Goodheart
to Arachnia.
to join me in battle.
Invite the queen
Together,
we will rain destruction
on the fifth dimension!
( screaming shrilly )
Captain's Log, supplemental.
JANEWAY:
We've been spinning our wheels
and still no progress
for three days now,
of the subspace layer.
in breaking free
Look on the bright side--
three meals a day.
there's only
Coffee. Black.
Uh, sorry, Captain.
replicators this morning.
We lost two more
very carefully,
Listen to me
because I'm only going
to say this once.
Coffee. Black.
Yes, ma'am.
attention, there are...
While I've got your
Coffee first.
Now, what's the problem?
It's a... it's a
delicate matter.
I don't have time to play
20 questions, Neelix.
systems of convenience off-line.
Replicators aren't the only
functioning lavatories
We've only got four
for a ship of 150 people.
I see.
Needless to say, lines
are beginning to form.
If we don't get
unstuck soon,
we may have a serious
problem on our hands...
uh... especially
with the Bolians.
showers are off-line, too.
All but three sonic
couple of days...
In another
I get the idea.
Captain to the Bridge.
CHAKOTAY:
On my way.
problems in your capable hands.
I'm going to leave these
Now, I was thinking,
Yes, ma'am.
if we drew up a schedule...
Whatever it takes.
Status.
has been powered down.
The warp core
Thrusters at standby.
give it a try.
Okay. Let's
Take us out, Tom, nice and slow.
We're moving.
PARIS:
Two meters per second.
Three meters.
Steady.
Nine meters.
Ten...
to the thrusters by 50 percent.
Increase power
We're approaching
TORRES:
the subspace boundary.
25 meters per second.
Wait a minute.
We're slowing down.
second... 18...
19 meters per
I'm reading power surges.
Captain,
Source?
but they look
Unknown,
like weapons signatures.
any other ships in the area.
I'm not reading
( sighs )
We've stopped.
the weapons fire.
I've localized
TUVOK:
from within the ship--
It's emanating
Holodeck 2.
Deck 6,
on that deck?
Who's still
No one. No life signs.
There's a program running.
It's Captain Proton.
Proton?
Can you shut it down?
CHAKOTAY:
Negative.
KIM:
still malfunctioning.
Control system
Tuvok, get down there and
find out what's happening.
Well, join him.
Yes, ma'am.
a battle took place.
It appears that
Believe me, it wasn't
like this when I left.
I must have missed
a few chapters.
normally run by themselves.
Holodeck programs don't
No kidding.
She's dead.
Who is she?
Constance Goodheart.
My secretary.
This doesn't make sense.
She isn't supposed to die.
She's one of the good guys.
I'm sure you two
were very close,
holodeck character.
but she is a
from 1930s Hollywood.
A character
never get killed.
The good guys
Something's wrong here.
ROBOT ( slow and distorted):
the fifth... dimension.
Invaders from
Satan's robot.
Naturally.
Queen Arachnia...
is on her way.
the... fifth dimension.
Invaders from
Give me a hand.
If we can repair
his vocalizer,
he might be able to tell us
what's been going on.
Destroy Proton.
he burned out a resistor.
It looks like...
A what?
before deutronic circuitry.
That's a few centuries
I see. How do you propose
we repair him?
Well, first of all,
we've got to remove
this damaged tube.
No problem.
Just a few crossed wires.
technology is most impressive.
Your knowledge of this
Oh... thanks.
There. Got it.
Intruders... Intruders...
( still distorted):
Intrude...
Intruder alert!
( clearly ):
what happened.
Tell us
the fifth dimension!
Invaders from
Hey, calm down!
invaders get here?
How did these
A portal.
The fifth dimension...
alien invaders in this story.
There's not supposed to be
Versus the Cosmic Creature."
That's in "Captain Proton
from the fifth dimension!
Invaders
Those subspace distortions.
Take us to this... portal.
There.
Photonic charges--
as the weapons fire we detected.
the same signatures
The fifth dimension!
We must report this
to the Captain.
Wait. I want to check
my rocket ship first.
Excuse me?
It's got sensors.
Sort of.
tell us something
Maybe they can
Voyager's sensors can't.
I've established a visual link
with the holodeck.
originating from subspace.
The attack appears to be
Can you tell where
it's coming from?
No.
( burst of static )
What was that?
Chaotica's
death ray.
Excuse me?
Let's see if we can
get a look inside
his fortress,
find out what
he's up to.
Full power to the death ray!
Queen of the Spider People...
Arachnia,
to my summons. Don't...
you have not responded
( shuts off sound )
I don't get it.
supposed to be
Chaotica was
in this chapter.
fighting Earth
he's found a new enemy.
Apparently,
The fifth
dimension.
your infantile scenario
It seems
now poses a security risk.
supposed to be
It was just
a little harmless
entertainment.
frivolous human endeavor.
Entertainment-- another
These are your sensor readings?
TUVOK:
Telegram.
to Captain Proton
It's a message
from the President
of Earth.
communications
"Intercepted
"between Dr. Chaotica
and Arachnia. Stop.
"Chaotica at war with aliens
from fifth dimension. Stop.
to disable death ray."
Must strike now
Stop.
Please summarize
the message.
Well, it looks like...
Chaotica has captured
from the fifth dimension.
a couple of aliens
An alternate universe.
Could be. Maybe they wandered
into the holodeck
of those distortions.
through one
To participate
in a game?
Intruder!
I assume
TUVOK:
there's no locking mechanism
on the hatch.
simpler time.
It was a
of the program?
Is he part
recognize him.
I don't
Invaders!
Inv...
( loud clank )
Quiet!
( quietly ):
Invaders.
Look,
misunderstanding.
there's been a
from the Starship Voyager.
I'm Ensign Paris
This is Lieutenant Tuvok.
You have killed 53 of my people.
killed anyone...
We haven't
Ensign.
Everything you see here
is a simulation.
None of it's real.
Simulation?
A photonically-based projection.
All life is photonic.
We are not.
We are biochemical life-forms.
with biochemical.
I'm not familiar
We are carbon-based.
We live aboard a starship.
I believe we have become trapped
in a region of space
that intersects your own.
We've detected no starship...
only this planet.
This planet isn't real.
As I told you,
a simulation.
it's part of
Maybe we can help you
adjust your sensors.
You don't register
as a life-form.
You are the illusion.
you are. Listen...
We're as real as
Citizen of the fifth dimension,
you will be destroyed.
PARIS:
Wait!
Require maintenance. Help.
Damage. Damage.
Help.
this straight.
Let me get
Transdimensional aliens
your Captain Proton simulation
have mistaken
for reality.
Yes, ma'am.
armed conflict
And now an
between these aliens
has broken out
holographic army.
and Chaotica's
Yes, ma'am.
His Army of Evil.
haven't shut down the holodeck?
Will someone explain why we
We've tried. The controls
are still off-line.
We're going to have
these aliens somehow
to get through to
and explain that they're
fighting shadows.
but they don't believe us.
We've tried,
that we're not real.
They think
They can't detect Voyager,
so every time they scan us,
artificial to them
we seem as
characters do to us.
as holographic
haven't answered our hails.
That explains why they
is photonic.
The Doctor
to persuade them.
He may be able
It's worth a try.
Brief him.
In the meantime,
I think we should let
the program play out.
suggesting we wait
You're not
until this Chaotica
defeats the aliens?
No, no. I'm suggesting
that we help the aliens
to defeat Chaotica.
They think that
he's leading
some kind of hostile
invasion force.
gone, it's a good bet
Once that threat is
that they will leave and
close up their portals.
to defeat Chaotica?
How do you propose
Well, he's been
attacking the aliens
with his death ray.
we don't have one.
It's a shame
No. Forget about what
it's called, Tuvok.
In the world of
Captain Proton,
it's the most powerful
weapon that there is
it's photonic,
and because
to these aliens.
it's lethal
Now, in Chapter 18,
disables this weapon
Captain Proton
just before Chaotica can use it
to destroy Earth.
And you think
that Proton,
namely you of course,
could still do that?
Well, we'd have to knock out
the lightning shield first.
A force field.
Yeah. Now you're catching on.
The destructo beam
on my rocket ship
can disable the death ray,
but only if someone gets inside
the Fortress of Doom
the lightning shield.
and can shut down
And who's supposed
to do that?
Queen of the Spider People.
Arachnia,
Charming.
Chaotica thinks so.
he's in love with her.
In the story,
to form an alliance
He's been trying
since Chapter Three.
She's the only one
that he trusts,
who can get close enough
the only one
to disable
the lightning shield.
Somebody is going to have
to take on her character.
Who'd you have in mind?
Oh, no.
It's the role
of a lifetime.
Captain, need I remind you
all other possibilities
that we have exhausted
this layer of subspace.
of escaping
can eliminate
Until we
those distortions,
we're trapped.
as Starfleet's
Think of it
first encounter
with Planet X.
Thanks.
Captain, it won't
be so bad.
I can explain to you
what you can expect.
I can tell you...
All right, all right!
I'm a size four.
What's the emergency?
I've been enlisted.
I'm supposed to make contact
with our photonic friends
from the fifth dimension
to call off their attack.
and convince them
Why do you need me?
Congratulations.
It's an undercover mission.
of cosmetic surgery.
I'll need a bit
These are the parameters
for my new costume.
What are you
going as--
the Emperor of
the Universe?
Well, I've been forced
to scale back my role
in the interest
of credibility.
I'll be President
of Earth.
I must say, the idea
of an entire universe
populated by photonic beings
is rather appealing.
Well, if your
mission fails,
you could be taking up
permanent residence.
Report to Holodeck 2, Doctor.
Kim to Sick Bay.
You're all set.
The new parameters
will activate
enter the holodeck.
as soon as you
Thank you.
Break a leg.
So all I have to do
is find the controls
of this death ray
and deactivate it.
simple as it sounds.
Well, it's not as
Now, Chaotica might be
a 1930s villain,
but he's very clever.
knew some of the rules.
It'd help if you
I'm listening.
All right. Well...
he's a megalomaniac,
first of all,
to appeal to his ego.
so it's a good idea
Right.
grandiose language.
And, um, use
He likes to be
called "Sire,"
and it helps to
say things like
"The clever fiendishness
of your evil plan
is brilliant."
Deck 4.
Now, remember:
It's ray gun, not phaser,
not viewscreen,
um, imagizer,
Earthlings,
not Terrans.
Got it.
And another thing...
these villains always have
a trick up their sleeve--
secret weapons...
trapdoors,
It's the holodeck.
I can't be hurt
by weapons.
that you can't be restrained
Well, that doesn't mean
the Dungeon of Pain.
or thrown into
Noted.
Now, as soon as you get
the death ray shut down,
call me in my rocket ship
the signal to fire.
and give me
You'll have to use
Chaotica's broadcast
microphone.
This is how you've been
spending your free time?
been studying
Well, I've
how past generations
viewed the future.
And...?
Well, it didn't work out
quite as black-and-white
as they imagined.
Now, the specifications
for Arachnia's costume.
One more thing...
if you have trouble
with Chaotica
to the death ray,
or you can't get
you can always uncork
the pheromones.
I beg your pardon.
Uh, Chapter 16.
"Spell of the Spider."
Arachnia sends Chaotica a vial
of her irresistible potion.
Now, whenever he gets a whiff,
he's under her spell.
I get the picture.
Yeah, well, my point is,
is that these pheromones
Chaotica for a loop.
seem to throw
Well, it worked in
Chapter 16 anyway.
Now, the vial is sitting
on a small pedestal
next to the throne.
I'll keep an eye out.
Thanks for the briefing.
Okay.
at the Fortress of Doom.
I'll see you
And remember-- you're the queen.
Sire!
of our space ships
Three more
have been destroyed.
( growling )
the death ray.
Full power to
Citizens of the fifth dimension,
are nothing but pinpricks to me.
your feeble attacks
and I will be merciful.
Surrender now
We're receiving
a transmission.
They are surrendering.
No.
It's Queen Arachnia.
She wishes to cross
the drawbridge.
Ah...
What are you
waiting for?
Show her in.
her Royal Highness...
I present
Arachnia.
Ah...
At last...
At last... my queen.
This is an historic
occasion.
Kindred souls
meet at last.
your presence, Majesty.
It's an honor to be in
admired your...
I've always
clever fiendishness.
Ah, your taste is exceeded
only by your beauty.
your death ray.
This must be
is the Cradle of Persuasion.
That, my dear,
It's fully equipped--
a brain probe,
pain modulator.
Impressive.
the lightning shield
It's good you have
to protect your equipment.
it's electrified,
Yes, as long as
I am invincible!
But my greatest achievement
is there.
Behold-- the death ray.
Oh, it looks like a...
formidable weapon.
The most powerful
in the cosmos.
There is so much more
I want to show you.
My throne, for example.
The seat...
of my Empire.
Ah!
kept my pheromones.
I see you've
I didn't realize
sentimental type.
you were the
Your perfume
inspires me.
Would you mind?
Please.
Somehow I feel comfortable here.
Join me...
and you will have
your own chair--
one adorned with the
most precious jewels
and the softest silk.
Your Majesty seems
overly concerned
with romantic matters
a battle to be won.
when there's
you asked me here.
That is why
Of course, my dear.
Forgive me.
It's just that
the air itself
in your presence.
seems to vibrate
We can't be slaves
to our passion...
not when your Empire
is threatened.
my fleet of... Spider Ships.
I have assembled
However, the lightning shield
approaching your fortress.
prevents them from
directly into battle
We'll send them
alongside my
space force.
to pay homage to you.
My soldiers wish
Gratifying.
I lower the shield,
Of course, if
my fortress will
be defenseless.
choose such a moment
Even an ally might
to seize my throne.
You don't trust me.
convince me of your loyalty.
There is a way you could
Oh?
lightning shield,
I'll lower my
but first, you must
become my queen!
courtiers!
Gather my
the ceremony!
Prepare for
And don't forget to deactivate
the lightning shield
so my subjects may witness
the blessed event.
Very well.
Do as she says,
once her guests
have arrived.
Yes, Sire.
And so, my dear...
dreamed of has arrived...
the day you have always
the day you become
Bride of Chaotica!
( laughing )
( instrument beeping )
Welcome.
You are photonic.
Guilty as charged.
across the threshold.
You signaled me
How?
I believe you dropped
your calling card.
I return it to you...
as a sign of good faith.
Identify yourself.
I am the President of Earth.
Earth?
some distance from here.
A planet
I've come on a mission of peace.
Elaborate.
Your people
and the people of Earth
have a common enemy.
Chaotica.
The one and only.
He threatens
to invade our realm,
destroy our people.
Join the club.
Chaotica has designs
on Earth, too,
but we've withstood
countless attacks
all thanks to one man--
Captain Proton.
Captain Proton?
Scourge of Intergalactic Evil
Defender of the Universe,
a competent medic to boot,
and...
but don't say I said so.
Even as we speak,
he's preparing
to destroy Chaotica's death ray,
but he needs your help.
Explain.
Your weapons pose a threat
to Proton's rocket ship.
You must cease firing
while he mounts his attack.
Once Chaotica's death ray
is destroyed,
you can return to your realm,
confident that you'll never
hear from him again.
Captain Proton...
may proceed.
the citizens of Earth,
On behalf of
I thank you.
Space drive.
Check.
Destructo beam.
If I could access
holodeck controls,
the first thing I'd do
is delete this guy.
Delete this guy.
ROBOT:
as soon as this is all over,
As a matter of fact,
I think I'm going to delete
the whole program!
historical study?
What about your
Class dismissed.
no more mad scientists,
No more robots,
no more death rays.
my rocket pack, Harry.
I am retiring
the universe from now on.
Someone else can save
The final chapter, huh?
The end.
( door squeaks open )
Isn't anyone going to sing
"Hail to the Chief"?
Mr. President,
how'd it go?
KIM:
was unimpeachable.
My performance
He agreed?
Let's just say I'm considering
running for office
when we get back to Earth.
( chuckles )
All right, then. Let's get
this thing in the air
is giving a command performance.
and hope Captain Janeway
Queen Arachnia.
Don't tell me...
my wedding ring.
Doctor Chaotica's
wedding ring.
You will present it to him
at the end of the ceremony.
Your Majesty,
perhaps we should lower
the lightning shield
in anticipation of my guests.
Why this preoccupation
with the shield?
Oh, forgive me.
a fellow ruler of the cosmos,
It's just that, as
to do things myself.
I often have
the incompetence
Ah. Because of
of your inferiors,
no doubt.
Something like that.
my love, my life...
Oh, Arachnia,
understand our plight.
how well you
dignity, I... I would weep.
If it weren't beneath my
How I've longed for someone
who would understand.
We have a saying
on Arachnia:
"It's lonely at the top."
Hmm. No longer, my dear.
Majesty!
Proton is preparing
to attack.
Wha...?
Ah!
Target his rocket ship.
( grunts )
You have betrayed me.
You are in league with Proton.
Impetuous harlot!
Tell me how to deactivate
the lightning shield
how impetuous I can be.
or I'll show you just
for, you great lummox?
What are you waiting
Kill her!
Ha! You're no match
for Arachnia.
how to shut down the shield.
Now, tell me
The confinement rings!
( laughing )
Oh, don't worry.
I wouldn't kill my bride...
not until after
our wedding night.
Reactivate the death ray.
Destroy Proton!
We've been hit.
Well, I guess the Captain
ran into some trouble.
We're not going down
without a fight.
the destructo beam.
Doc, activate
The what?
in the middle of that panel.
The big button
Destructo beam!
Oh.
The other panel!
BOTH:
Destructo beam activated.
( explosion )
We just dropped out of range.
We're losing altitude.
Report.
The alien weapons fire
is increasing.
It's causing the distortions
to grow larger.
We're being pulled deeper
into subspace.
Invaders! Invaders!
Uh... incoming.
Proton's ship is damaged,
but still airborne.
Not for long.
Fire at will.
Lonzak.
Man the lightning shield.
( sniffing )
Arachnia?
Lonzak.
No time for dawdling.
Quickly, Lonzak.
Your beauty
is maddening.
Entangle me
in your web.
and I'll do all that...
Let me out of here
and more.
At once,
my queen.
( panting )
What...?
Back to your station!
( groans )
Idiot!
( groaning )
Deactivate the shield...
now!
Such passion.
Such strength.
Together, we could
conquer the universe.
End this madness
and you may yet live
to be my bride.
The shield.
( shield powering down )
to tell you this...
I don't know how
but the wedding's off.
Arachnia to Proton.
( feedback )
( groaning )
Arachnia to Proton.
Do you read me?
I'm reading you.
The lightning shield is down.
Acknowledged.
Harry, target the death ray.
Doc, fire the destructo beam
on my mark.
Ready?
Now!
( distorted screams )
The distortions are closing.
with normal space.
We're realigning
Helm... full impulse.
Bridge to Janeway.
Go ahead.
The aliens have retreated
and they've closed
the distortions.
the subspace layer.
We've cleared
Secure all systems
damage repair teams.
and organize
Understood.
to shut down the holodeck.
We're preparing
Chakotay, give me a minute.
( sighs )
"Captain Proton to the rescue,"
I was about to say,
everything under control.
but I see you have
I'm the queen, remember?
CHAOTICA:
Arachnia.
Death, as you know it,
has no hold on me.
is but a temporary setback.
My defeat
to seek my revenge.
I shall return
He doesn't give
up, does he?
They never do.
meant to be, my queen,
Our love was not
but be warned.
You have not seen the last of...
Chaotica.
a twisted madman.
The end of
And you're going
to miss him.
A little.
( '30s serial music playing )
( Chaotica laughing )